how do I know if I have a problem so or
in parents cases like how do I know if I
can has a problem and the short answer
that I have is that if it causes a
problem it is a problem so if it's
affecting me with summary then I think
it's a problem if it's affecting your
academics if it's affecting your
professional success if it's affecting
your relationships if it's affecting
your physical health if it's affecting
your mental health then it is a problem
and in the field of Psychiatry we don't
have like diagnostic tests we don't do
blood tests we don't have X have used
sometimes to memorize and stuff but for
the most part like you know how do we
know if someone is depressed or they're
just sad like how did you draw that line
and the short answer is if it causes a
problem it is a problem if you're sad
that's kind of okay but if you're so sad
that you can't go to work if you're so
sad that you can't you know be the
person that you need to be for your
spouse or your kids then we call that
depression and I think the same line
exists for videogames so I think in
short if you guys are seeing impacts in
terms of your child's performance at
school if you're seeing impacts in terms
of life who they are at home and this is
a common complaint that I sort of get
from parents and I sometimes ask them
when your child plays a video game do
they become someone else like do they
get really irritable do they get super
moody do they become completely
disrespectful in a big conversation that
I have a lot of parents is like asking
you know they kind of come up with
question of like where did my child go
like that's not the kid that they were
like two years ago they're not your
child and according to come somewhere
else they get so engrossed in the video
game that they don't even seem like
themselves and if that's what you guys
are facing that I definitely think it's
problem